[Music]
hey everyone Travis cafard here at the
NA LCS studio with cards presented by
HTC eSports to talk to a fro mu it's
been an interesting offseason for you
you were I think well I mean not
everybody's an ounce but at least like
everybody else kind of got rumored in
positions and then everybody's like
what's going on with aphromoo and then
we just heard earlier this week that you
got announced 400 teams so talk to me a
little bit about what the offseason was
like for you and and how you went from
CLG 200 thieves most off seasons I've
signed before the free agent period so
this off season since franchise was
coming in all the big orgs from with
investors you're coming in as well I
thought it was pretty important to go to
freedom see see what my options were and
freedom seems pretty scary stressful
time I bet it is for any any player it's
important you know yeah representation
stuff like that and for me especially I
was just stretching out I barely get any
sleep and we're blocking a path no
that's good it's good okay and talked to
a hundred thieves and here we are sign
with many things so was it was it
straight like I didn't talk to because
you must have talked to other people and
at some point in time I heard rumors of
like echo fox aphromoo and all this
other stuff so so how you know I don't
need you to give me like an Excel
spreadsheet with like every team you
talk to and their offers but you know
what what did happen between the CLG and
hundred thieves part what do you mean
like what happened from me going to CLG
did you talk to a lot of people was it
like always gonna be 100 things like it
was a to probably rich like how does
this go down
I got like seven offers from on
different teams there in the free agency
period and talked to every team maybe
two or three times before you know
coming down to my decision
talking to coaching staff is really
important for me some of the players I
also reached out to you I think is
really important that if you are looking
to join a new team you at least you know
reach out to other players to see if you
know they like the idea of you playing
on the same team or
you know you can get along stuff like
that I mean it's very important so for
100 these we had Nate shot and I forgot
the other names not probably the other
two guys sorry guys I also talked to
prolly and I really liked what his
vision was for the year coming in 2018
400 themes and even though I've never
played with variety or someday never met
him I haven't played with meteos really
liked him a lot and I did give me the
luxury of being able to choose my ad
carry and for a while there you know
almost cutie-pie yeah is a lot of people
actually believe that it's been fun but
I think he's gonna keep streaming and
our new ad carry should be announced in
the coming week so you decided yeah so
he's out there somewhere
or she who knows some somebody carries
out there right now that'll play 100
themes but we don't know who yet yeah
but uh making the decision for a hundred
themes the name Sean the guys definitely
made it a lot easier and more re really
accommodating for me and we're very
patient in terms of me deciding so they
gave me a lot more leeway in terms of
thinking you know I didn't pressure me
too much and definitely felt down the
earth and I really enjoy making that
decision and I'm excited to play for
them yeah so how did the ad carry stuff
go because you were involved so did you
get to talk to the ad carry so you give
opinion like how did that happen well of
course of course in my negotiations
before for my contract it was I wanted
to be a part of the ad carry acquirement
is that a word yeah yeah acquirement so
for me it's important you know I do with
the guys people who see me doing or
doing around with different ad carries
you know QT most of all so sort of that
came from and I also talk to the guys
you know see how their mindset is going
like what they really value how their
play style is et cetera et cetera
and I've been doing that for the past
two to three weeks and sometimes
nevermind so that's what everyday
experience for I lied by the way
acquirement is not a word acquisition I
think Asian of the new 80k Travis lied
to me I just want to see what you were
gonna do with the word acquirement and
hey maybe you know words respond all the
time so maybe that's what happened just
now what do you think of the team liquid
lineup because there are three of your
former teammates together reunited do
you have any thoughts on that who's in
the name doublelift smithy Pope or the
3ds yeah and they got all a impact
that's right do you think that's a
pretty good lineup 2015 CLG those guys
did really well in terms of meshing so
I'll do I do think they'll do really
well they don't have the you know the
carry actually impacts the fucking carry
top earner now cuz topped I mean was
spawned they'll be alright
I didn't think they'll be top three with
along with TSM and US intent so okay so
you don't buy this the CLG cloud9 hype
they had changed junglers and the top
pointer for c9 which was the mid heavy
centric place now so they'll probably
get that back with some practice and
then for CLG they also changed out
jungler and support again so that I do
you value jungle supports energy really
high in terms of how the team plays so
building that is takes a lot of time
usually it's not there right away and
when teams you know developed that
really well
similar to bengi on SKT always comes in
just wins the fuck I do you think
they'll do really well maybe like later
on in this plant or summer are you going
to become a YouTube superstar with
nadeshot you know he's got three million
subs you can start our channel and he'll
just he'll just throw those subs at you
oh sorry heard my name uh I'm not really
a vlogger type of guy that being said
I've never actually made one vlog and
people just said I was high so it wasn't
a good feedback but probably more
content in terms of YouTube just plain
writing games like maybe he can train
you you know dreamy that's true
give me those lines what were the lines
again you're tell me earlier
what's up everybody this is a from ooh
right here on the channel we're looking
for the next ad carry I wanna hear from
you leave a comment smash the sub hit
that like button right here 100 thieves
why do I need training from nature you
can train me
that's as I've gone more and more into
the YouTube thing I've been practicing
you know what Travis talks today we're
talking about EU imports yeah that's
good translate that over to interviews
you know just that's what every good
interview style gives you a lot of you
should do that capital walks next
interview for me you can do that man
like that interview with aphromoo gone
sexual you know that's that's the
headline
you know it's your face like going crazy
next question the point is it's not
actually gone sexual the point is all
stars is here things are not looking too
good for you guys here on the second day
and that's okay because I haven't
released like heating my na all-star
interviews yet so I gotta get those
babies out but what do you think of a
nice performance we're one in two
China's game was uh the game we played
against Iran was very close we
definitely messed up in terms of the
late game and team fighting
let them come back made a couple
blunders but the GPL game they did play
very well and I do think our comp was a
little lackluster in terms of fighting
against ours and we definitely had to
scale really hard and get items on two
of our carries before you know we could
really
win the game and it's unfortunate that
we have two losses but right now we're
just banking on Brazil winning versus uh
I think it's GPL airplane and then we
have to do a 1v1 tiebreaker I don't know
who's gonna you be the one me wonder
probably not I mean we'll probably put
in Direction maybe sneaky maybe Han
Stern
something like that but we're gonna do
the one we won against the team that's
tired tiebreaking with us so that would
be fun they'll probably put in Levi who
knows if it's then some good stuff good
stuff
well is there anything you want to say
to any of the fans out there that are
excited nervous I mean your fans
pretty much I remember you want other
teams but I think the majority of fans
will think CLG aphromoo so it's probably
a strange time for them so anything you
wanna throw out there ah well I'm
excited to play on 100 days hopefully
you guys will be excited just as I am
and I know I gotta make a lot of new
relationships with my new teammates but
that's not a problem and I'm looking
forward to winning in a LCS well
everyone be sure to comment about what
you think aphromoo should do in the next
season in the comments here smash that
sub button hit that like button
and check out more coverage of all
things eSports right here on my youtube
channel